Fix Prometheus Scrape autodiscovery rules for container name (#18881)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/prometheus.md

The Autodiscovery configuration can be based on container names, Kubernetes annotations, or both. When both `kubernetes_container_names` and `kubernetes_annotations` are defined, it uses AND logic (both rules must match).

> - `kubernetes_container_names` is a list of container names to target, in regex format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kubernetes_container_names` is a list of container names to target, in regular expression format.
```

The Autodiscovery configuration can be based on container names, Kubernetes annotations, or both. When both `kubernetes_container_names` and `kubernetes_annotations` are defined, it uses AND logic (both rules must match).

> - `kubernetes_container_names` is a list of container names to target, in regex format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kubernetes_container_names` is a list of container names to target, in regular expression format.
```
